Adding target identification resource data (#39)
kjappelbaum/awesome-chemistry-datasets: README.md

- [SOMAS](https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.14552697):  Experimental and calculated solubilities for small molecules. Originally proposed for the design of redox-flow batteries.
- [Therapeutic Data Commons](https://tdcommons.ai/overview/): ML tasks that cover small molecules and biologics, including antibodies, peptides, miRNAs, and gene editing therapies.
- [ThermoML Archive](https://www.nist.gov/mml/acmd/trc/thermoml/thermoml-archive): experimental thermophysical and thermochemical property data (in ThermoML XML format)

## Target identification data

> - [Open Targets](https://github.com/opentargets/opentargets.github.io): is large-scale resource that uses human genetics and genomics data for systematic drug target identification and prioritisation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Open Targets](https://platform.opentargets.org/): is a large-scale resource that uses human genetics and genomics data for systematic drug target identification and prioritization.
```

> - [Probes & Drugs Portal](https://www.probes-drugs.org/data_sources): is an interactive, open data resource for chemical biology containing focused libraries of bioactive compounds including commercially screening libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Probes & Drugs Portal](https://www.probes-drugs.org/data_sources): is an interactive, open data resource for chemical biology. Overview of libraries of bioactive compounds (e.g., ChEMBL, Guide to PHARMACOLOGY), including commercial screening libraries.
```

It seems they only link to other databases; I tried to clarify this (might be useful to also list the open resources they link to here)

> - [Guide to PHARMACOLOGY](https://www.guidetopharmacology.org/): is an expert-curated resource of ligand-activity-target relationships.It include activity data even for data with unkown bioactivity value(under CC BY-SA 4.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Guide to PHARMACOLOGY](https://www.guidetopharmacology.org/): is an expert-curated resource of ligand-activity-target relationships. It includes activity data even for data with unknown bioactivity value (under CC BY-SA 4.0).
```
